FMA | Javascript Client | Library Structure (#36)
capitalone/federated-model-aggregation: clients/javascript_client/README.md

# Javascript Client for FMA service
An api client wrapper for connecting to the federated-learning-service.

## Setup

> Please run `npm setup` at `clients/javascript_client` directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `npm setup` in `clients/javascript_client` directory
```

### Example Setup

> [README.md](examples/browser_client/README.md)

Reviewer: this appears to be a non-existent path...

> [README.md](examples/client_examples/javascript_client/README.md)

Reviewer: maybe render the other README here... so the user doesn't have to open another window

Reviewer: ah I see

# Javascript Client for FMA service
An api client wrapper for connecting to the federated-learning-service.

## Setup

> Please run the ```setup``` at the top level of the directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please run the the following command at the top level of the repo
```
currently which directory is ambiguous...  is it the `clients/` or `javascript_client` or entire repo?

```npm setup```

### Example Setup
[README.md](examples/browser_client/README.md)

## Testing
### npm test
To run testing of the API interface functions run  

> ```npm test```

Reviewer: any particular location this needs to be run?
